hi i'm lisa miskovsky welcome to the
shoot on my new video still alive it's
super fun it's sunny I'm used to cold
weather wintertime back in Sweden it's
super cold so I'm enjoying it hey what's
up its matt i'm directing here on the
set of lisa miskovsky Samir's edge theme
music video for the song from the video
game faith is the lead character in
video gaming she's like roof hopping you
know all on these different roofs of
this like metropolis city so basically
we're putting a lisa miskovsky on the
rooftop and she's performing we had this
normal sort of like modern city
background and su walks around she's
going to be touching the sky we're going
to do special effects and this guy is
going to shatter and a new city is going
to come forth into a new realm it's
going to be like a white pristine you
know really cold looking city so it's
going to go from like real location sky
cracks and then we have this beautifully
painted white white and blue city behind
her
you
beautiful one more yeah the director is
really nice they got me to where those
uncomfortable shoes but they did it for
a short while so I'm happy I'm happy
definitely had to be big you know we
really like mixing real location with
motion graphics and some paintings and
RT stuff like that we have a stunt
double as we walking on the edge of the
building over there so getting a bug
shots as if Lisa were really on the edge
so some vertigo-inducing stuff I'm
Tamara I was a stunt double on said that
wasn't scary the wet the ledge was nice
and wide and it was actually it was a
nice stuff it was fun I enjoyed it it
was really nice
this is pretty cool because it's it's
being involved in some part of the video
game you know just kind of bringing a
part of it to life from a different
perspective from a music video
perspective so the fact that it sort of
sits well with the game and sort of
reflects it a little bit it's kind of
exciting